71: Vegetation Pack 2 expands on the trees and shrubs seen in Model Pack 55. Featuring 50 trees, 50 shrubs and 5 varieties of grass.
70: This is the "Hellbound Demons" Pack. Created by “Rolfy” from the TGC forums, it includes ground based and winged demons, ready to add a taste of hell to your games!
69: WWII Model Pack - this model pack contains a lot of objects such as: Vehicles (cars, tanks, airplanes etc), artillery, buildings, furniture, barrels and crates and many others that will help you create your world war 2 games.
68: A new collection of World War 2 models, including both enemy and team characters with all new animations. Plus a wealth of new weapons, 20 in total.
67: Expand your games even further with all new corridors and segments from the Space derelict model pack range.
66: Night City is a collection of buildings, entities , and a road system that harks back to an older time.
65: Derelict space station pack.
64: Cyberpunk model pack for FPS Creator.
63: The pack contains everything neccessary to create any exploding wall situation with explosion decals and sounds to compliment the effect.
62: The pack is designed to re-produce an old 'Retro' look in homage to the 'Dungeon' style Theme.
61: Create a derelict space station with FPS Creator Model Pack 61.
60: Cast yourself back into ancient middle eastern cities, through narrow streets, wide bazaars, covered souks and even across the rooftops!
59: A collection of entities for creating an atmospheric and spooky cemetery.
58: Awesome set of 20 new WW2 weapons to add into your FPS Creator games.
57: 21 new military themed zombies, with World War 2 and modern day themes.
56: This model pack features media for use in maps locked in war and it's aftermath. The included media is aimed towards both single player and multi player maps.
55: Plant trees, grass, shrubs or put hills and rocks into your level, to make your own outdoor level!
54: Model pack 54 will help you to increase the creativity in your game.
53: Helps you make that modern war or tactical shooter idea you've had into a reality.
52: Viral outbreak for FPS Creator.
51: Designed to enhance any post apocalyptic themed game projects. Contains several new characters with varying configurations, and custom animations.
50: Sate your dungeon dwelling desires with the catacomb/prison pack. An impressive array of architectural features will give your dungeons and catacombs a sense of character, depth and intrigue.
49: A model pack with an office block theme.
48: This pack has all the assets needed to create a very detailed grunge, post-apocalyptic outdoor atmosphere. In this pack there are over 40 structures to populate your outdoor environments.
47: Whether you're back in the past or roaming ancient churches in a modern setting, this pack will provide both exterior and interior graphics for your next level.
46: A model pack with a London theme with housing, commercial buildings, famous landmarks, red buses, black cab's, mini's, London underground system, tube trains and more.
45: Travel back in time to meet your heros of science and create a world around them for your next game.
44: Go back to school with this collection of school segments and entities, ideal for creating large interior environments including corridors, computer rooms and science labs.
43: Ideally suited for tight winding tunnels and subterranean mine complexes, monsters and dark creatures lurking around every corner!
42: This fantasy character pack for FPS Creator introduces several new characters: assassins, necromancers, workers, villagers, guards and barbarians!
41: This pack was designed to supply more Items/Objects for any Dungeon scene and its contents will also fit well into any ‘Medieval or Castle’ scene.
40: This pack contains a wide range of entities for creating a post apocalyptic world. A total of 220 entities are included ranging from destroyed buildings, fences, rubble, overlays and much more.
39: ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE: 21 new zombie entities to populate your levels!
SPRITE PACK: Animated decals for use in your FPS Creator or Dark Basic games.
38: Metro Theater Pack for FPS Creator
37: Castle Pack
36: A totally FREE Urban pack - our gift to you!
35: Medieval Interior Pack
34: The Industrial Pack
33: The Sports Pack
32: The Office Pack
31: War Torn Pack.
30: Middle eastern pack.
29: Tropical foliage Pack.
28: Fantasy Weapons Pack for FPS Creator.
27: Ancient Rome themed pack.
26: The Graveyard pack.
25: Viking themed pack.
24: This pack is based around modern day warehouse/factory items; there are 38 models in total consisting of transport, electrical, storage containers, signs and more.
23: The Dungeon Construction pack is perfect for dungeon styled setting including horror games, medieval games and so forth.
22: FPS Creator Gore Pack - Freaks, Abominations, and Gore!
21: A collection of fantasy characters for your FPS Creator levels.
20: Everything you need to make a medieval setting.
19: Everything you need to make a medieval cartoon setting.
18: 3 fantasy themed characters for your FPS Creator games.
17: This pack includes 30 characters featuring hand-to-hand combat.
16: This pack features 77 exciting hospital entities to add realism, variety and atmosphere to your FPS Creator game.
15: The ruins pack contains 17 worn and broken down building models.
14: The wild west pack contains 8 buildings to recreate a wild west FPS game.
13: Pack 13 is a village themed pack.
12: The sci fi pack is will help you make atmospheric looking sci fi themed scenes
11: Outdoor pack
10: Model Pack 10 features 15 brand new weapons and 2 melee attack sets for your FPS Creator games.
9: Model Pack 9 features 15 weapons and 2 melee attack sets for your FPS Creator games.
8: An Egyptian style pack for FPS Creator.
7: Expand the default sci-fi and world war II libraries with this segment pack. After installation you have extra mesh segments available that provide exciting new possibilities. Create broken walkways, curved ledges, varying angled ramps and more.
6: This pack features 16 ultra-realistic modern weapons for your FPS Creator games.
5: Weapon pack for your FPS Creator games, as well as 11 different sets of 'hands'.
4: This pack contains 21 new characters for your FPS Creator games.
3: This pack contains 526 new assets for your FPS Creator games.
2: This pack contains 71 new assets for your FPS Creator games.
1: Modern Day style objects and characters for FPS Creator.